in gaza's cash-based Wartime economy
withdrawing money can be a matter of
life and death Israel's military has
destroyed the vast majority of banks
across Gaza according to the
Palestinians monetary
Authority at these makeshift ATMs people
now have to Bay High commissions to
access their own
money the situation is very difficult if
if you need to get your salary or do any
transaction you'd be charged a fee or a
percentage cash sellers also say Bank
notes are in short
supply and those remaining are
increasingly worn
out this is a big problem for us all
cash notes all denominations are damaged
and we are unable to do business we need
a bank to open and help us by collecting
these currency notes and rid us of this
people are unhappy with us we are not
the cause of this problem the need for
hard currency has soed since Israel's
May offensive into Raa that cut off tens
of thousands of Palestinians from Aid
and forced them to evacuate to Central
Gaza at the same time prices for basic
items keep Rising after each escalation
in the
fighting people are suffering a lot
market prices are incredibly high and
people don't have income to buy shop
owners don't care the increase and
decrease prices at their will in the
years before the war the streps economy
had begun to improve despite the multi
Bron Israeli locate now any hope
financial recovery is far from sight but
Israeli restrictions have prevented the
Palestinian mon Authority based in rala
from sending in you cash into the strip
like it used to and Israel's for right
Finance Minister bizes mric has
threatened further banking restrictions
that could exate the problem after
almost 11 months of War there are no
ATMs functioning in the entire Gaza
Strip the expansion of Israeli attacks
means that Banks and ATMs have been
either destroyed chopped down or located
in areas that AR currently active
military zones cutting off tens of
thousand thousand of Palestinians in
need of humanitarian support of another
source of Aid T abazo Al jazer Dar
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer